# Software Design Methodologies

1. Coupling and Cohesion are concepts used to measure the quality of a system's design. Coupling is the dependance between software modules. High coupling is when the modules are connected in a way when change in one module affects other modules in the software. Whereas low coupling is when the the change in one modules has little or no impact on other modules. Cohesion is the connection between the elements within the modules. High Cohesion is when the elements are related and work together towards a single goal, but low Cohesion is when the elements have different goals so are not closely related to other elements.

2. Top-Down design is when the overall system is modelled without going into detail about the parts of the system. Then the parts are defined in detail in steps until model is detailed enough to validate the model. Whereas the Bottom-Up design is the when the parts of the system are defined in detail and then the parts are combined to form larger componenets which combine to form the complete system. A Bottom-Up design best describes a function orientated design because the individual functions of the system are known in detail. These functions can be combined to form the complete system. 

3. In Agile methodologies such as scrum, the class diagram can be used to communicate and maintain an understanding of the systems structure. Class diagrams can help to split up the workload and see the progress.

4. The four pillars of object-orientated programming are Abstraction, Encapsulation, Inheritance and Polymorphism. Abstraction is when the implementation details are hidden away, so when you call the function you don't have to understand what it is doing. Encapsulating is when parts of the code are made private therefore restricting access to it in the code. Inheritence is when an object can accquire the properties and methods of another object. Polymorphism is when types in the same inheritence chains are able to do different things.

5. The strategy pattern allows you to define many algorithms, encapsulating each one of them and allow then to be interchanged at runtime. In a functional orientated system, the strategy pattern is implemented as different functions in a class. However, in a object orientated system, the strategy pattern is implemented as separate classes for the different strategies avaliable at runtime.

6. The Agile design methodology would be beneficial in this scenario because tasks are broken into short sprints with multiple tests in the development process. The payment cannot be tied to a particular sector so if a new sector is needed to be accessible, the agile mehtod allows for changes in the project requirements with little impact on the timeline. Also, clarity between the team members and constant testing will ensure that any new sector made avaliable to the payment system will work correctly. 